fix(ipam): modify attach mode for custom resources (#4677)
scaleway/docs-content: pages/vpc/how-to/attach-resources-to-pn.mdx

Up to 512 resources can be attached to each Private Network, and each resource can be attached to up to eight Private Networks.

The following resource types can be attached to a Private Network:

**Scaleway-managed resources**:
    - Instances
    - Elastic Metal servers
    - Apple silicon (Mac mini)
    - Load Balancers
    - Public Gateways
    - Managed Databases for PostgreSQL and MySQL

    <Message type="note">

>     Kubernetes Kapsules and Managed Databases for Redis™ are also compatible with Private Networks, but they can only be attached to a Private Network at the time of creating the resource. It is not possible to attach a cluster or Redis™ database to a Private Network after its creation, or change the attached Private Network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Kubernetes Kapsule clusters and Managed Databases for Redis™ are also compatible with Private Networks, but they can only be attached to a Private Network at the time of creating the resource. It is not possible to attach a cluster or Redis™ database to a Private Network after its creation, or change the attached Private Network.
```

4. Click the **Attached resources** tab.

    <Lightbox src="scaleway-pn-attached-resources.webp" alt="" />

5. Use the toggle to select the type of resource you want to attach:

    - **Managed** resources are created and managed via Scaleway, e.g. Instances, Elastic Metal servers, Load Balancers, Managed Databases, Kubernetes Kapsules, Public Gateways, Apple silicon etc.
    - **Custom** resources are created and managed by yourself, e.g. virtual machines you are hosting on a Proxmox cluster on an Elastic Metal server. 

6. Click **+ Attach resource**. A pop-up displays.

7. Complete the required information about the resource to attach. This depends on whether you are attaching a managed or custom resource.
    
    <Tabs id="attach-resource">
    
        <TabsTab label="Managed resource">

        <Lightbox src="scaleway-attach-resource.webp" alt="" />

>         - From the first dropdown, select the **type** of managed resource (Instance, Elastic Metal server etc.) to attach.
>         - From the second dropdown, select the **specific resource** of this type to attach. Only resources within the same region as the Private Network will be displayed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - From the first drop-down, select the **type** of managed resource (Instance, Elastic Metal server etc.) to attach.
        - From the second drop-down, select the **specific resource** of this type to attach. Only resources within the same region as the Private Network will be displayed.
```
